Jam jum is there uh so protests you're
right in the thick of the protests uh
Muhammad these are the weekly protests
that we've seen they're both
anti-government protests and they're
also of course protests in support of um
securing the release of the captives
that means that the crowds behind you
they very much want to see a
ceasefire that's right s thousands of
protesters have converged here in K
Square which is the epicenter of the
protest movement in Tel Aviv this
happens every week Saturday night
happening again tonight you see them
behind us just a couple of moments ago
you had the singing of the national
anthem before that you had a moment of
silence for captives who uh who were
killed in Gaza during the war and
everybody who's out here tonight is
fully aware that this is a very critical
moment when it comes to negotiations
about possibly entering into a ceasefire
everybody that we've been speaking with
has said that the time is now they are
concerned that if a ceasefire is not
entered into and that if Israel were to
then go into ra as Israel keeps
promising to do that that would mean
that the captives would be very much in
a Harm's Way that they could be killed
they could be caught in crossfire in the
fighting they're very worried about that
they are calling on the government to do
everything that it can to go ahead and
enter into a ceasefire and to affect
a deal to release those captives now you
have different groups here as you
mentioned you have anti-g demonstrators
people who are calling on prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu to resign because
they don't they say he's not doing
enough to ensure an end to the war and
then you have relatives of those
captives Who come out week after week
and they are calling on the government
to do more to ensure that their
relatives and loved ones can actually
return home it's a very vocal crowd
we've heard numerous speakers already
say that they don't believe that the
government is doing enough they want to
see as many people as possible out here
tonight to try to put as much pressure
on the government as possible so that
the government will listen to their
demands to that end this is not the only
protest site in the country on this
Saturday evening at this moment we're
told there are also protests that are
happening in hia and also in cesaria
which is where the Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has a residence it's
expected that there will also be
protests in other cities throughout the
country so it's a very fraught moment
people very much aware this is a very
critical time and this could very much
really just um what happens tonight in
the hours ahead could very much impact
what happens to the captives going
forward s I'm Muhammad thank you very
much for your reporting there live from
Tel Aviv we'll keep checking in with you
throughout the evening let's go to Tar
gabum who's in Rafa in southern Gaza T
nobody has more at stake in these negot
negotiations for a ceasefire then the
Palestinians of course who live in Gaza
who live under the bombs and under the
Israeli attacks how closely are they
following
this well seral as you can clearly hear
right now at the back of ground that
Palestinian children men and everyone is
chanting that we want to return we want
to have hodna which means a ceasefire
agreement they have been chanting this
for a couple of hours ago and right now
they have been re shanting as they are
completely optimistic about this round
of negotiations to be made that is
ongoing in Cara between Hamas and Israel
they have been following closely what
was going on there as they have been
really feeling the optimistic atmosphere
of this round of talks in order to get
to a ceasefire agreement but that kind
of happiness that Palestinians are
really having right now is completely
mixed with a deep and completely hidden
sense of frustration regarding any
possibility for the collapse of the
negotiations they have been calling for
the return because they have been
multiply displaced from the houses they
have been going through really difficult
humanitarian security conditions and
they are waiting eagerly to the day they
might really return back to the houses
in the nor so any collapse of these
ongoing negotiations will be extremely a
shock for the vast majority of gaza's
population who are really hoping to hear
soon the announcement of a ceas fire
agreement between Hamas and Israel all
right tar kabaz thank you for your
reporting there from Southern Gaza in
Rafa where so many Palestinians have
been displaced uh since the beginning of
this conflict thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer